doc: extensions: introducing kconfigdiff extension (#30201)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/kconfig/kconfig_diff.rst

.. _kconfig_diff:

Kconfig diff
############

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

This page shows comparison between |kconfigdiff_previous| and |kconfigdiff_current|.

> The comparison is displayed using a format inspired by `git diff`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page shows a comparison between |kconfigdiff_previous| and |kconfigdiff_current|.

The comparison is displayed in a format inspired by ``git diff``:
```

Reviewer 2: This is a backport @FrancescoSer. The original PR was reviewed here:
https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/29647

Author: Fixed, and here is the fix pr for main: #30218
